Remove random references to siblings. (#2183)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/simple-cipher/description.md

## Step 2

> Shift ciphers are no fun though when the opposition commander figures it out.
> Try amending the code to allow us to specify a key and use that for the shift distance.
> This is called a substitution cipher.

Author: ```suggestion
Shift ciphers quickly cease to be useful when the opposition commander figures them out.
So instead, let's try using a substitution cipher.
Try amending the code to allow us to specify a key and use that for the shift distance.
```
